hello to all the guys
then let's see if you notice something
new in the garelli if it is not one again
my invention this is the roll
of the scottx I placed
in this way close to expansion
polini e non è and polini because it exists
adhesive that is, they have described gods
Paulines of the same managed to read it
however this expansion and today it is me
the pathos experiment came to mind
because i was only using with genic cases
to talk to us slow and use it like that
father was my sister's
a space to use it as a megaphone
such a fake security event
no one puts you to sleep if I have you
made to laugh admit I like it though
made to laugh about the creation anyway
if not that on the noise inside you notice
which makes a noise more like a village
how you can feel alì I'm unable
while it's okay because this scotch with
nine pieces of Scotch
there are two 10 1 lei 1234567 18 are
sorry anyway here it is now
feel what a nice little noise he makes ie if
could be left on forever if then
they did it better anyway, you could hear her
turn the key starts
hear that stuff
now that's the camera and why
The part I do a ride
here is how you can see beautiful
noise had to feel I tried too
with say straight in exchange for
three gears you can hear the noise
really nice so i hope the
video you enjoyed try it
you too and maybe working if not
you have the expansion is still the
next
sky